Fake, I have never touched it.
Ye Zheng! Ziyueer, please speak.
Girl, you'd better explain yourself clearly.
Brother Lin, it’s all over. I drank too much.
Not picking up anything. Girl, you stole my room,
Just let someone else give me the medicine,
Also fill in the unsupported candid photography,
Why didn't I notice you were so lazy before?
Ziyue, if you are drunk,
Forget it if you don’t want to be responsible. Why do you still say such things?
Girl empress. The evidence is all here,
What do you want? It's a bit boring, how can you have such a photo.
Now this piece of film is all flowing.
Your love is all ruined
How will he behave from now on?
Your family's face has been thrown in by you
Nothing happened to him
That's right, I won't marry him
Are you that kind of rational?